Fix typos and links version (#3264)
nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress: examples/custom-resources/externalname-services/transport-server/README.md

# Prerequisites

> For the illustration purpose we will run NGINX Ingress Controller (referred as NIC in the examples) with the ```-watch-namespace=nginx-ingress,default``` option. The option enables NIC to watch selected namespaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For illustration purposes, we will run NGINX Ingress Controller (referred to as NIC in the examples) with the ```-watch-namespace=nginx-ingress,default``` option. The option enables NIC to watch selected namespaces.
```
